I’ve always been a bit confused by the idea of not knowing what you wanted to do, of not being sure of your dreams, or of what kind of person you want to be. The reason for this, though it has taken me a while to see it, is I think because of how incredible my opportunities have been, growing up in a place like Chesterland. Programs like Boy Scouts, Science Fair, and 4-H, which I have been lucky to be a part of, have been critical to shaping me into the person I hope to be. Through every poster, merit badge, or robot, I have become more confident in my dreams and goals, and in my mind, college is the exciting next step in this journey.
	Specifically, what I have realized I want to do, and what really interests and excites me is Aerospace Engineering. I have not found anything that more perfectly fits my love for space and exploration, for problem-solving and creative thinking, and for leadership and teamwork, all of which are values that could not be more clearly traced back to the incredible experiences I have had growing up. Especially right now, as we are experiencing a time of interest and support for space exploration, with programs and missions like the James Webb Space Telescope and the upcoming Artemis II Lunar mission, I feel I can really make an impact and be part of the next great leap.
	In addition to achieving this specific goal, it has also been really important to me to support the clubs and groups that have influenced me as much as I can. This has come in many forms, whether it be running the meetings of my 4-H Robotics club, planning campouts and helping younger scouts with rank requirements, volunteering at community events, or spreading awareness of the Science Fair. I think that especially coming from a public school in a small town like Chesterland, kids need to realize that they can still have incredible experiences, and that their dreams do not have to be out of reach, as it is easy to think otherwise. I have tried to be a role model, as best as I can, and I believe continuing to college is an important part of that.
Through my hard work and dedication to this interest, as well as some luck, I have been given the opportunity to continue my passion at some of the best places in the world to study aerospace engineering, places like the University of Michigan, Virginia Tech, and the University of Washington. These opportunities, to take this next step towards my dreams, are amazing, and so I hope you consider what an impact this scholarship would have towards making these experiences much more accessible.
